Update Kubernetes/Openmetrics instructions and samples (#13279)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/prometheus.md

### Configuration

> Configure your OpenMetrics or Prometheus check using Autodiscovery, by applying the following `annotations` to your **pod** exposing the OpenMetrics/Prometheus metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure your OpenMetrics or Prometheus check using Autodiscovery, by applying the following `annotations` to your **pod** and exposing the OpenMetrics/Prometheus metrics:
```

Author: Skipping this one as the pod/container itself is already exposing these metrics. Our Datadog Autodiscovery annotations are the configurations to go and collect those exposed metrics, not necessarily the configuration to expose those.

```yaml
# (...)
metadata:
  #(...)
  annotations:
    ad.datadoghq.com/<CONTAINER_IDENTIFIER>.check_names: |
      ["openmetrics"]
    ad.datadoghq.com/<CONTAINER_IDENTIFIER>.init_configs: |
      [{}]
    ad.datadoghq.com/<CONTAINER_IDENTIFIER>.instances: |
      [
        {
          "openmetrics_endpoint": "http://%%host%%:%%port%%/<PROMETHEUS_ENDPOINT> ",
          "namespace": "<METRICS_NAMESPACE_PREFIX_FOR_DATADOG>",
          "metrics": [{"<METRIC_TO_FETCH>":"<NEW_METRIC_NAME>"}]
        }
      ]
spec:
  containers:
    - name: '<CONTAINER_IDENTIFIER>'
```

With the following configuration placeholder values:

| Placeholder                              | Description                                                                                        |
|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `<CONTAINER_IDENTIFIER>`                 | The identifier used in the `annotations` needs to match the container `name` exposing the metrics. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<CONTAINER_IDENTIFIER>`                 | The identifier used in the `annotations` must match the container `name` exposing the metrics. |
```

| `<PROMETHEUS_ENDPOINT>`                  | URL path for the metrics served by the container, in Prometheus format.                            |
| `<METRICS_NAMESPACE_PREFIX_FOR_DATADOG>` | Set namespace to be prefixed to every metric when viewed in Datadog.                               |
| `<METRIC_TO_FETCH>`                      | Prometheus metrics key to be fetched from the Prometheus endpoint.                                 |
| `<NEW_METRIC_NAME>`                      | Transforms the `<METRIC_TO_FETCH>` metric key to `<NEW_METRIC_NAME>` in Datadog.                   |

> The `metrics` configuration is list of metrics to retrieve as custom metrics. Include each metric to fetch and the desired metric name in Datadog as `{"<METRIC_TO_FETCH>":"<NEW_METRIC_NAME>"}` pairs. You can alternatively provide a list of metric names strings, interpreted as regular expressions, to bring the desired metrics with their current names. **Note:** Regular expressions can potentially send a lot of custom metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metrics` configuration is a list of metrics to retrieve as custom metrics. Include each metric to fetch and the desired metric name in Datadog as key value pairs, for example, `{"<METRIC_TO_FETCH>":"<NEW_METRIC_NAME>"}`. You can alternatively provide a list of metric names strings, interpreted as regular expressions, to bring the desired metrics with their current names. **Note:** Regular expressions can potentially send a lot of custom metrics.
```
